app/static/maps/README.md, before:

# Maps and styles

Since the POLDER Federated Search App is meant to cover all polar research - that is, Arctic and Antarctic data, polar projections of both areas of interest seemed to be the way to go.

For the Arctic map, we wanted to use the [tileset](http://webmap.arcticconnect.ca/tiles.html) from [ArcticConnect](http://arcticconnect.ca), who have been working with us in order to make this app happen. There was no corresponding Antarctic map, so we took the [ArcticConnect styles](https://github.com/GeoSensorWebLab/awm-styles/tree/stable/1.0), applied selected features to a Mapbox-GL style, and exported that to this directory in order to replicate the look and feel of the ArcticConnect map. That's `style.json`.

If you want to make your own map styles, you can do it in [Mapbox Studio](https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-studio/), download the ZIP file that Mapbox provides as an export, and put it in this directory.

We also found some places and geographic features in Antarctica to put on the map, since the tileset we're using from GBIF doesn't have them; that's `places.geojson`.

### Other helpful resources:
- [MapTiler](https://www.maptiler.com/)
- [OpenMapTiles](https://openmaptiles.org/docs/)
- [GBIF Map Tiles](https://tile.gbif.org/ui/)
- [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/)

## Original Mapbox license:

This document sets forth the licenses for the items in this archive.

STYLE

If your style is created from scratch, it is your creation and you may use it as
you wish.

If your style is based on one of the starter styles in Mapbox Studio, you are
licensed to use it as a derivative work in accordance with the license terms for
the underlying style. For Mapbox Basic, Bright, and Satellite the license is set
forth at https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/main/LICENSE.md.
For all other styles, the license is set forth in our applicable Service Terms
with you (see https://www.mapbox.com/legal/tos/ for Pay-go).

FONTS AND SVGS

Individual SVG icons provided by Mapbox in connection with Mapbox styles are
dedicated to the public domain under the terms of the CC-0 dedication:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/. See https://labs.mapbox.com/maki-icons/.
Please ensure that you comply with the license restrictions above, however,
if you plan to use them in map designs that are similar to Mapbox Streets
or our other styles. All other SVGs in this archive are your uploads to Mapbox.
You are responsible for ensuring you have all necessary rights in those assets.

Only fonts that you have uploaded to Mapbox are included in this archive. You
are responsible for ensuring you have all necessary rights in those fonts.

Commit message:

More documentation about how to make the map

app/static/maps/README.md, after:

# Maps and styles

Since the POLDER Federated Search App is meant to cover all polar research - that is, Arctic and Antarctic data, polar projections of both areas of interest seemed to be the way to go.

For the Arctic map, we wanted to use the [tileset](http://webmap.arcticconnect.ca/tiles.html) from [ArcticConnect](http://arcticconnect.ca), who have been working with us in order to make this app happen. There was no corresponding Antarctic map, so we took the [ArcticConnect styles](https://github.com/GeoSensorWebLab/awm-styles/tree/stable/1.0), applied selected features to a Mapbox-GL style, and exported that to this directory in order to replicate the look and feel of the ArcticConnect map. That's `style.json`.

If you want to make your own map styles, you can do it in [Mapbox Studio](https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-studio/), download the ZIP file that Mapbox provides as an export, and put it in this directory.

We also found some places and geographic features in Antarctica to put on the map, since the tileset we're using from GBIF doesn't have them; that's `places.geojson`, and `countries.geojson` for more zoomed-out views.

Note that the Arctic and Antarctic map use different projections, and neither of them are the default web map projections. If you wish to adapt this app and just have one map, that is web mercator, you can simplify the code quite a bit.

### Other helpful resources:
- [MapTiler](https://www.maptiler.com/)
- [OpenMapTiles](https://openmaptiles.org/docs/)
- [GBIF Map Tiles](https://tile.gbif.org/ui/)
- [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/)

## Original Mapbox license:

This document sets forth the licenses for the items in this archive.

STYLE

If your style is created from scratch, it is your creation and you may use it as
you wish.

If your style is based on one of the starter styles in Mapbox Studio, you are
licensed to use it as a derivative work in accordance with the license terms for
the underlying style. For Mapbox Basic, Bright, and Satellite the license is set
forth at https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/main/LICENSE.md.
For all other styles, the license is set forth in our applicable Service Terms
with you (see https://www.mapbox.com/legal/tos/ for Pay-go).

FONTS AND SVGS

Individual SVG icons provided by Mapbox in connection with Mapbox styles are
dedicated to the public domain under the terms of the CC-0 dedication:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/. See https://labs.mapbox.com/maki-icons/.
Please ensure that you comply with the license restrictions above, however,
if you plan to use them in map designs that are similar to Mapbox Streets
or our other styles. All other SVGs in this archive are your uploads to Mapbox.
You are responsible for ensuring you have all necessary rights in those assets.

Only fonts that you have uploaded to Mapbox are included in this archive. You
are responsible for ensuring you have all necessary rights in those fonts.
